README.md, before:

# Gibbiverse Content

This repository contains all the Markdown files associated with the blog posts for the Gibbiverse website. Here you will find purely Markdown with some GitHub Actions added for linting. The Static Site Generator responsible for creating the [Gibbiverse](https://scottgibb.github.io/Gibbiverse/) can be found in this [repository](https://github.com/ScottGibb/Gibbiverse).

## Pull Requests

Pull Requests for the blogs are very welcome here. Always looking to improve and add content here. So please create a PR and I will review it as soon as possible.

### AI-Assisted Reviews

This repository has GitHub Copilot configured to help review blog posts. When you create a pull request, the AI agent will:

- Check technical accuracy of content
- Suggest improvements for clarity and readability
- Verify Hugo formatting and front matter
- Maintain the blog's technical yet light-hearted tone

The AI agent is configured via `.github/copilot-instructions.md` to provide constructive feedback while preserving your voice and style.

Commit message:

Add deprecation notice to README
Added a deprecation notice regarding the workflow between Obsidian and Hugo.

README.md, after:

# Gibbiverse Content

# **Deprecated**
Upon many attempts to make a workflow between Obsidian and Hugo, I eventually gave up due to the different linking issues. It didn't provide any benefit to the workflow and created more confusion in the whole process.

## Summary
This repository contains all the Markdown files associated with the blog posts for the Gibbiverse website. Here you will find purely Markdown with some GitHub Actions added for linting. The Static Site Generator responsible for creating the [Gibbiverse](https://scottgibb.github.io/Gibbiverse/) can be found in this [repository](https://github.com/ScottGibb/Gibbiverse).

## Pull Requests

Pull Requests for the blogs are very welcome here. Always looking to improve and add content here. So please create a PR and I will review it as soon as possible.

### AI-Assisted Reviews

This repository has GitHub Copilot configured to help review blog posts. When you create a pull request, the AI agent will:

- Check technical accuracy of content
- Suggest improvements for clarity and readability
- Verify Hugo formatting and front matter
- Maintain the blog's technical yet light-hearted tone

The AI agent is configured via `.github/copilot-instructions.md` to provide constructive feedback while preserving your voice and style.
